Add Nuxt 3 + Appwrite web app (#438)
appwrite/awesome-appwrite: README.md

* **Tailwinder** This an open-source complete community website project created for Appwrite hackathon. [Source Code](https://github.com/MooseSaeed/Tailwinder) [Demo](https://dev.to/moose_said/introducing-tailwinder-home-for-tailwind-fans-powered-with-appwrite-4c0o) [Video Demo](https://vimeo.com/manage/videos/709162501)

### Nuxt

> * **Appwrite + Nuxt 3 Workout-Buddy** This is a Nuxt 3 App that uses Appwrite as a backend to showcase the uses of Appwrite database and collections, Authentication and Pinia stores through CRD operations!  [Source Code](https://github.com/EshaanAgg/workout-buddy)

Reviewer: Minor corrections:

```suggestion
* **Appwrite + Nuxt 3 Workout-Buddy** This is a Nuxt 3 App that uses Appwrite as a backend to showcase the uses of Appwrite Databases and Collections, Authentication, and Pinia stores through CRUD operations! [Source Code](https://github.com/EshaanAgg/workout-buddy)
```
